Update docs and examples (#260)
qiskit-community/qiskit-aqt-provider: docs/guide.rst

   provider = AQTProvider()
   provider.log_in()

> .. hint:: The access token has an expiration time of 10 hours. After expiration of the stored token, calling the `log_in` method will again prompt you to log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. hint:: The access token has an expiration time of 10 hours. After expiration of the stored token, call the `log_in` method  to log in again.
```

Reviewer: Ah okay now I understand what you meant. We need more than one sentence for that.

```suggestion
.. hint:: The access token has an expiration time of 10 hours. After this time, you'll need to call the `log_in` method again to refresh your token. You shouldn't need to enter your password again unless you last logged in a very long time ago. You can safely call `log_in` at any time, as nothing will happen if your access token is still valid.
```

Author: Looks good, thanks for the improved description :bowing_man:
